<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>

<meta name="description" content="leading athletics in Hampshire, the Isle of Wight and the Channel Islands" />
<meta name="Keywords" content="athletics,hampshire uk,hampshire athletics,portsmouth athletics,southampton athletics,isle of wight athletics,channel islands athletics,jersey athletics,guernsey athletics,hants athletics,county athletics,athletic clubs,aaa,games,sports,athletes,races,road races,running,track and field,track,field,cross country,jogging,jumping,throwing,championships,runners" />
<meta content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" http-equiv="content-type" /><title>Hampshire Athletics - Hampshire Cross-Country League AGM 2020</title>

<style type="text/css">
</style>

<link media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="../css/athletics.hampshire.css" type="text/css" /></head><body id="cross" class="widecontent">
<div id="wrapper">
<div id="banner">
</div>
<!-- banner -->
<div id="navbar"><!--#include virtual="/navbar.html" --></div>
<!-- navbar -->
<div id="nav">
<div class="athletics">
<ul>
<li class="navabove"><a href="../index.html">Home</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
<!-- athletics -->
<div class="cross">
<ul>
<li class="navabove"><a href="cross.html">Cross-Country</a></li>
<li class="navabove"><a href="hxcl.html">Hampshire League</a></li>
<li class="navmain"><a class="here" href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2020.html">AGM 2020</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2019.html">AGM 2019</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2018.html">AGM 2018</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2017.html">AGM 2017</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2016.html">AGM 2016</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2015.html">AGM 2015</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2014.html">AGM 2014</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2013.html">AGM 2013</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="../news/20120629_hxcl_agm_2012.html">AGM 2012</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
<!-- cross --></div>
<!-- nav -->
<div id="content">
<div class="container">
<h1>Alton Sports Hampshire Cross Country League<br />
Annual General Meeting<br />
Friday 24 July 2020<br />
via ZOOM</h1>
<p><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2020.docx">Download minutes as Word document</a><br />
<a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2020.pdf">Download minutes as PDF</a></p>
<h4>Present:</h4>
<p>Alan Ive (League Secretary/Acting Chair); Liz Flitcroft (League Treasurer);
Pam Rogers (Ladies' Results); Ian Byett (BMH/ECCA);
Ken Littlejohns (BMH); John Hoare (Overton Harriers);
Ian Graham (Bournemouth AC); Tim Ford (Hedge End RC);
Mark Pauley (Poole AC); Tim Eglen (AFD);
Tim Richardson (Reading AC); Ray Stevens (Reading AC);
Julie Rayfield (Reading AC); Sam Whalley (Reading RR);
Marilyn Crocker (Victory AC); James Mann (Arete);
Steve Williams (Littledown Harriers)</p>
<h4>Apologies:</h4>
<p>Pam Bungay (Men's Results)</p>
<h2>Minutes of the last AGM</h2>
<p>Published on Hampshire website, all had access. Agreed as correct.</p>
<h2>Matters Arising</h2>
<p>Pam Rogers had two points, one was the monitoring of the Team
situation after the vote to count 4 out of 5 fixtures in line with
Individual results. The Team situation is holding steady from previous
years, so her feeling was that female teams were continuing to support
the League throughout the 5 fixtures, rather than tailing off towards
the end.</p>
<p>The second point was the Popplewell Trophy (from AOB 2019), Pam
thanked clubs for nominating people for the Trophy and in order to keep
this viable, Pam had asked if the Treasurer could 'put aside' some
funding for the continued engraving of the trophy. This will appear in
the Treasurer's Report later.</p>
<h2>Chairman's Report</h2>
<p>Alan thanked the host clubs for organising last season's fixtures
and expressed uncertainty going forward into this season. More
discussion to follow.</p>
<h2>Secretary's Report</h2>
<p>Nothing to add to comments above.</p>
<h2>Treasurer's Report</h2>
<p>The accounts had been posted online for people to read, including
the recommendations for affiliation fees using our three tier system.</p>
<p>Under any questions, Tim Ford queried the purchase of Results
envelopes. It was explained that only usually happened every two years
and that we would need more for this season.</p>
<p>Alan shared the committee's decision to waive last season's
sponsorship from Alton Sports in the light of the current economic
situation brought on by Covid 19. We have funding currently to move
forward without that input. The feeling of the meeting was supportive
of that decision, as Alton Sports had always been supportive of the
League in the past.</p>
<p>Ian Byett proposed the adoption of the Treasurer's Report.</p>
<h2>New Membership Affiliation/Resignations</h2>
<p>We had received no resignations to date. Arete and Littledown
Harriers, two clubs with representation at the meeting were interested
in joining the League, and we had interest expressed from Hatch Warren
Runners and Hamwic Harriers, although no representation was at the
meeting from those clubs. Pam reminded Steve Williams from Littledown
Harriers that any First Claim runners had to run for them, as she had
noted some Senior Ladies in the Bournemouth AC team were Second claim
to Bournemouth.</p>
<h2>Proposals</h2>
<h4>Proposed by Reading AC and Reading RR</h4>
<p><b>We propose that a working group is set up to review and suggest
improvements for the next AGM that will ensure all athletes are
guaranteed equal opportunities across the League and to consider ways
to increase participation for those that are underrepresented.</b></p>
<p>Julie Rayfield spoke about the proposal, and suggested that
improvements be considered in this time of 'off season', to come back
with a better League.</p>
<p>Tim Eglen asked if there was anything that we could be doing now,
perhaps advertising? Pam replied that she felt the League was well
represented on the Hampshire website and suggested that it was down to
clubs to advertise what was happening and to encourage participation.
Tim agreed.</p>
<p>Julie was happy to take a lead in the working group and Tim would support her, a questionnaire was suggested.</p>
<p>The question was asked if we had an up to date list of contacts. It
was explained that Liz and the two Pams had their own lists for
correspondence, but until the first fixture we could not be sure that
the names were correct as clubs did not always let us know if a change
of personnel happened.</p>
<p>Liz and the two Pams to send contact lists to Alan.</p>
<p>Marilyn asked if messages were sent out about the AGM, the answer
was NO, details were available on the website, as they would have been
if the meeting was happening 'in person' at Winchester.</p>
<h2>Dates, Venues and Host Clubs for season 2020-21</h2>
<p><b>Please note these are provisional</b></p>
<table class="gentable">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Date</th>
<th>Host club</th>
<th>Venue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td class="gencol20">7 November</td><td class="gencol30">AFD</td><td class="gencol50">Aldershot</td></tr>
<tr><td>5 December</td><td>Winchester &amp; D AC</td><td>Sparsholt College, Winchester</td></tr>
<tr><td>16 January</td><td>Reading AC</td><td>Prospect Park, Reading</td></tr>
<tr><td>13 February</td><td>Basingstoke &amp; MH</td><td>Popham Airfield</td></tr>
<tr><td>13 March </td><td>Bournemouth AC</td><td>King's Park, Bournemouth</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p>There was much discussion on the possibility of starting our season
in October, Ian Byett spoke from the perspective of ECCA, commenting
that they think there will be difficulties holding cross country events
this season and that EA was going to send advice. <i>(amended 10 August)</i></p>
<p>Tim Eglen commented that the Midland League were not holding fixture
this side of Christmas and that although private landowners may be a
bit more flexible, public venues are very aware of Covid 19 and the
implications for holding mass events.</p>
<p>Ray commented that the way our fixtures are run, the possibility for
transmission through giving out numbers, handing numbers to Team
Managers, handing envelopes to results personnel etc. was very high. He
also made the very relevant comment that the officials and Team
Managers as well as some of our athletes are in the vulnerable category
and it would be foolish to risk their health.</p>
<p>Other suggestions were forthcoming, reducing numbers in races,
reducing distances of races, course changes to try to take out multiple
laps and/or narrow parts, no tents, pre-registering athletes, staggered
starts to name but a few.</p>
<p>Alan summed up by saying that the dates before Christmas are
provisional and as changes occur, the Hampshire website will be
updated. Tim Ford asked that enough notice be given.</p>
<p>Ian Graham was concerned about the Bournemouth fixture originally
scheduled for October for a variety of reasons and finally asked if the
sixth provisional date in March could be used for the King's Park
fixture. The whole meeting agreed to that, so King's Park will be
Saturday 13th March, dependent on the situation with AFC Bournemouth.</p>
<p>(Since these Minutes were taken, there has been some correspondence
about other fixtures being scheduled for that date, but Alan pointed
out that the meeting agreed, so to keep it as was agreed for the moment)</p>
<h2>Election of Committee</h2>
<p>As members were willing to continue, Ian Byett proposed the Committee be elected en-bloc. John Hoare seconded.</p>
<p>Ray Stevens proposed a vote of thanks to the Committee and to the two Pams for their work on producing results.</p>
<h2>Presentation of Awards</h2>
<p>This to take place at the first fixture, along with the Popplewell
Trophy, once it has been returned by the current holder and engraved
with the name of the next recipient.</p>
<h2>AOB</h2>
<p>Affiliation fees to Treasurer by the end of September please. List
of athletes and their details to the two Pams, when Pam R has changed
to format of the form and put it on the website!</p>
<p>Meeting finally closed at 8.37 pm</p>
</div>
<!-- container --></div>
<!-- content -->
<div id="footer"><!--#include virtual="/footer_athletics.html" --></div>
<!-- footer --></div>

<!-- wrapper -->
</body></html>