<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>

<meta name="description" content="leading athletics in Hampshire, the Isle of Wight and the Channel Islands" />
<meta name="Keywords" content="athletics,hampshire uk,hampshire athletics,portsmouth athletics,southampton athletics,isle of wight athletics,channel islands athletics,jersey athletics,guernsey athletics,hants athletics,county athletics,athletic clubs,aaa,games,sports,athletes,races,road races,running,track and field,track,field,cross country,jogging,jumping,throwing,championships,runners" />
<meta content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" http-equiv="content-type" /><title>Hampshire Athletics - Hampshire Cross-Country League AGM 2016</title>

<style type="text/css">
</style>

<link media="all" rel="stylesheet" href="../css/athletics.hampshire.css" type="text/css" /></head><body id="cross" class="widecontent">
<div id="wrapper">
<div id="banner">
</div>
<!-- banner -->
<div id="navbar"><!--#include virtual="/navbar.html" --></div>
<!-- navbar -->
<div id="nav">
<div class="athletics">
<ul>
<li class="navabove"><a href="../index.html">Home</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
<!-- athletics -->
<div class="cross">
<ul>
<li class="navabove"><a href="cross.html">Cross-Country</a></li>
<li class="navabove"><a href="hxcl.html">Hampshire League</a></li>
<li class="navmain"><a class="here" href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2017.html">AGM 2017</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2016.html">AGM 2016</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2015.html">AGM 2015</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2014.html">AGM 2014</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2013.html">AGM 2013</a></li>
<li class="navsub"><a href="../news/20120629_hxcl_agm_2012.html">AGM 2012</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
<!-- cross --></div>
<!-- nav -->
<div id="content">
<div class="container">
<h1>Hampshire Cross Country League<br />
Annual General Meeting<br />
Friday 23 June 2017<br />
River Park Leisure Centre, Winchester</h1>
<p><a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2017.doc">Download minutes as Word document</a><br />
<a href="hxcl-agm-minutes-2017.pdf">Download minutes as PDF</a></p>
<h4>Present:</h4>
<p>Ken Littlejohns (Chairman); Alan Ive (Secretary); Elizabeth
Flitcroft (Treasurer); Pam Rogers (Ladies' Results); Pam Bungay (Men's
Results); Wendy Littlejohns (BMHAC); Ian Graham (Bournemouth); Marilyn
Crocker (Victory AC); Ian Byett (BMHAC); David Haines (Fleet &amp;
Crookham); Peter Haynes (Southampton AC); Ian Banks (Hardley Runners);
Tim Ford (Hedge End RC); Melanie Ford (Hedge End RC
Ian Banks (Hardley Runners); Lance Nortcliff (Reading RR); Claire
Seymour (Reading RR); Simon Harvey (Winchester &amp; District); Gil
McClure (Itchen Spitfires); Lucy Elliott (Winchester &amp; District);
Gareth Copping (Andover); A Copping (Andover
G Copping (Andover)</p>
<h4>Apologies:</h4>
<p>John Hoare (Overton Harriers); Mick Anglim (Hardley Runners); Amy
Smith (Haslemere); Sofia Sherring (Haslemere); David Vosser (Winchester
&amp; District)</p>
<p>The Chairman opened the meeting at 8.30pm.</p>
<h2>Minutes of Previous Meeting</h2>
<p>These were accepted as a true record of the meeting held on 24 June 2016.</p>
<h2>Matters Arising</h2>
<p>This year's award of the Popplewell Trophy will be made at the Bournemouth fixture.</p>
<h2>Chairman's Report</h2>
<p>The season was over shadowed by the tragic deaths of AFD runners
Stacey Burrows and Lucy Pygott. A very emotional meeting was hosted by
Bournemouth AC in November.</p>
<p>We thank Winchester &amp; District AC, Bournemouth AC, Basingstoke
&amp; Mid Hants AC assisted by Overton Harriers, Reading AC and a
special thank you to Portsmouth AC who had to rearrange the venue to
Staunton Park after their booking at Queen Elizabeth Park was cancelled.</p>
<p>Unfortunately, Winchester &amp; District AC have been informed that
they can no longer stage cross country at Farley Mount by Hampshire CC
who rent the land which has been used for some forty years. This venue
and the club's enthusiasm will be hard to replace.</p>
<p>There were 3052 finishers over the season which is slightly down on last year.</p>
<p>We are pleased to say that Alton Sports have agreed to sponsor the
League for a further two years. Without this support the affiliation
fees would have to be considerably higher.</p>
<p>A special thank you must go to Richard Dean for his great work on the League web site.</p>
<p>I would like to thank the committee for their hard work not just for this year but also during my term as Chairman.</p>
<p>A vote of thanks to the Chairman was proposed by Ian Byett.</p>
<h2>Secretary's Report</h2>
<p>Once again it is requested that all clubs supply a new list in
advance of next season's first fixture of their members likely to
compete in each age group, using one of the formats supplied by Pam
Rogers.</p>
<h2>Treasurer's Report</h2>
<p>As detailed in the accounts summary we have an income surplus this
year of £608.89, and I must thank our host clubs for last season
(Winchester, Basingstoke, Bournemouth, Reading and Portsmouth) for
hosting.</p>
<p>It has been decided that we keep the three levels of affiliation and
the clubs who would pay the £50 affiliation fee for the 2017/18 season
would be</p>
<ul>
<li>Dorchester</li>
<li>Chichester Runners</li>
</ul>
<p>The 6 clubs with the largest runner participation will continue to pay £150 league affiliation, and are as last season</p>
<ul>
<li>Aldershot, Farnham &amp; District</li>
<li>Reading AC</li>
<li>Winchester &amp; District</li>
<li>Southampton</li>
<li>Basingstoke &amp; Mid Hants</li>
<li>City of Portsmouth</li>
</ul>
<p>with all other clubs as well as any new clubs this season paying the middle band fee of £90.</p>
<p>Finally, I would like to thank our sponsors for this season and next
Alton Sports and Dave Vosser for auditing the accounts as well as
congratulate him on his first grandchild.</p>
<p>Acceptance was proposed by Ian Graham.</p>
<h2>New Membership Affiliation/Resignation</h2>
<p>There was nothing to report at this early stage.</p>
<h2>Amendments to Constitution</h2>
<ol>
<li>Proposed by the committee, to take effect for the forthcoming season:<br />
Currently - Rule 2: Five fixtures will be held each season, all five counting towards Team Results.<br /><span style="font-weight: bold;">
Proposed - Rule 2: Five fixtures will be held each season, the best
four performances counting towards Team Results at the end of the
season.</span><br />
Currently - Rule 11: Team awards will be made to clubs competing in a total of five meetings each season.<br /><span style="font-weight: bold;">
Proposed - Rule 11: Team awards will be made to clubs calculated on the best four performances out of five in the season.</span><br style="font-style: italic;" /><span style="font-style: italic;">
Carried by 9 votes to 1.</span></li>
<li>Proposed by the committee, to take effect for the forthcoming season:<br /><span style="font-weight: bold;">
If Proposal 8.1 is adopted, in the event of a cancelled fixture, the
best three team performances will decide team awards, i.e. as for
individuals.</span><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">
Carried by 7 votes to 1.</span></li>
<li>Proposed by the committee, to take effect for the forthcoming season:<br /><span style="font-weight: bold;">
Divisions 1 and 2 of the Male Veterans to be merged.</span><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">
Carried by 4 votes to none.</span></li>
<li>Proposed by the committee, to take effect for the forthcoming season:<br /><span style="font-weight: bold;">
In order to encourage smaller clubs, the committee shall have the power
to reduce a member club's affiliation fee to the bottom tier.</span><br /><span style="font-style: italic;">
Carried unanimously.</span></li>
</ol>
<h2>Dates, Venues and Host Clubs for Season 2017/2018</h2>
<p>As Farley Mount is no longer available, it is proving difficult to find a replacement.</p>
<p>It may be possible for Hardley Runners to arrange a course at Dibden
or nearby but substantial assistance would be necessary from other
clubs with marshalling.</p>
<p>The most practicable arrangement appears to be Queen Elizabeth
Country Park for the second fixture but this is dependent on a club to
host it, although the League Treasurer has provisionally reserved the
venue with the park authorities.</p>
<p>Aldershot, Farnham &amp; District AC have indicated they will to be
willing to host the fifth fixture, using a venue that will be tried out
in December for the South of the Thames Championships but this has not
yet been confirmed.</p>
<p style="font-weight: bold;">Confirmed List:</p>
<table class="gentable">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Date</th>
<th>Venue</th>
<th>Host club</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td class="gencol20">14 Oct 2017</td><td class="gencol30">King's Park</td><td class="gencol50">Bournemouth AC</td></tr>
<tr><td>11 Nov 2017</td><td>Queen Elizabeth Country Park</td><td>TBA</td></tr>
<tr><td>2 Dec 2017</td><td>Popham</td><td>Basingstoke &amp; Mid Hants AC</td></tr>
<tr><td>13 Jan 2018</td><td>Prospect Park</td><td>Reading AC</td></tr>
<tr><td>10 Feb 2018</td><td>Aldershot</td><td>Aldershot, Farnham &amp; District AC</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<h2>Election of Officers</h2>
<p>The Secretary, Treasurer, Men's Results Secretary and Ladies'
Results Secretary were re-elected, en bloc, as proposed by Ian Byett.
As no candidates had come forward for the post, the Secretary agreed to
serve as Acting Chairman pro tem. Ian Byett agreed to produce a <a href="HCCL-Job-Description.pdf">job
specification</a> for the post.</p>
<h2>Presentation of Senior Awards</h2>
<p>The awards from the last season for Under 20s, Seniors and Veterans
were made, generally to representatives from the recipients' clubs.
However, Lance Nortcliff and Gareth Copping were there to receive their
awards in person and Lucy Elliott received the Veteran Women's team
award.</p>
<p>There was a presentation to Ken and Wendy Littlejohns, in recognition of their service to the League.</p>
<h2>Any Other Business</h2>
<p>There was no other business.</p>
<p>The meeting closed at 9.25pm.</p>
</div>
<!-- container --></div>
<!-- content -->
<div id="footer"><!--#include virtual="/footer_athletics.html" --></div>
<!-- footer --></div>

<!-- wrapper -->
</body></html>